feat(kmp): add `Compose Multiplatform` guide & clean up (#14392)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/kotlin/guides/compose-multiplatform/index.mdx

---
title: "Compose Multiplatform"
description: "Learn how to integrate Sentry's Kotlin Multiplatform SDK into your Compose Multiplatform project for cross-platform error tracking."
sdk: sentry.kotlin.multiplatform
categories:
  - kotlin
  - multiplatform
sidebar_order: 15
---

# Compose Multiplatform

> <Alert level="warning" title="Experimental Support">

Author: should we instead say `Limited Support`?

Reviewer: I like 'Experimental', 'Limited Support' makes it feel like we are withholding something.

> While Sentry's Kotlin Multiplatform SDK works in Compose Multiplatform projects, it isn't natively supported or fully tested for CMP. Some features may behave unexpectedly or provide incomplete data. Use with caution in production environments and report any issues you encounter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Sentry's Kotlin Multiplatform SDK works in Compose Multiplatform (CMP) projects, it isn't natively supported or fully tested for CMP. Some features may behave unexpectedly or provide incomplete data. Use with caution in production environments and report any issues you encounter.
```

</Alert>

## Overview

**Compose Multiplatform** is JetBrains' declarative UI framework that allows you to build native user interfaces for desktop, web, and mobile platforms using a single Kotlin codebase. It extends Jetpack Compose beyond Android to create multiplatform applications.

> It is required to use the [Sentry Kotlin Multiplatform SDK](/platforms/kotlin/guides/kotlin-multiplatform/) which provides error tracking across multiple Kotlin targets. While the SDK functions in Compose Multiplatform projects using the same APIs as pure KMP setups, it's important to note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to use the [Sentry Kotlin Multiplatform SDK](/platforms/kotlin/guides/kotlin-multiplatform/) which provides error tracking across multiple Kotlin targets. While the SDK functions in Compose Multiplatform projects use the same APIs as pure KMP setups, it's important to note:
```

- **Experimental support**: The KMP SDK works in CMP projects and currently supports capturing crashes and errors as well as other basic features that are available through the Sentry KMP SDK.
- **Not CMP-native**: No specific CMP optimizations or testing.
- **Untested edge cases**: Some platform-specific behaviors may be incomplete.

## Installation

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application's runtime.

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-install" />

## Configure

> Configuration should happen as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration should happen as early as possible in your application's lifecycle to ensure a working instrumentation. Configure with the following steps:
```
